03-router-and-zustand/notes.md, before:

# Module 03 — React Router + Zustand

The fourth module of the bootcamp introduces routing using **React Router**.

Right now, the app has a basic custom router that we made using the React components `Link` and `Route`, as well as a custom hook called `useRouter`.

In this module, our task is to modify the app to use **React Router** instead of our custom router. This brings a lot of benefits we couldn’t easily get before, like:

- 404 pages
- dynamic routes
- protected routes
- code splitting
- and more

## React Router mode used in this module

React Router has different ways to handle routing. For our case, we’ll use the simplest one: **Browser Router (declarative mode)**.

With this mode we can declare routes and navigate between them in a clean, standard way.

## Migration plan (keeping our architecture clean)

We’ll modify our `Link` component to use React Router’s `Link` internally, using an **abstraction pattern**. That way, if later we want to change how navigation works, we can do it in a single place without updating all the `Link` usage across the app.

We’ll also update the `navigateTo` function in our `useRouter` hook, replacing it with React Router’s `useNavigate`.

## Steps to migrate to React Router

- **Step 1:** Install React Router
- **Step 2:** Update `main.jsx` to use React Router
- **Step 3:** In `App.jsx`, use React Router’s `Routes` and `Route` instead of our custom `Route`
- **Step 4:** Integrate React Router native hooks (`useNavigate`, `useLocation`) inside our `Link` component using the abstraction pattern  
  This keeps the same external API we already use in the app, but improves the architecture.
- **Step 5:** Modify the `useRouter` custom hook to use React Router’s `useNavigate` functions

## Implement the job detail page with a dynamic route

Now that we are using React Router, we can easily implement **dynamic routes**.

In our case, the job detail page will use a job id, so we can migrate the previously created job detail page that we built using only HTML.

### Route

- `/jobs/:id`

### API used

The data for each job is located in an external API, fetched with:

- `https://jscamp-api.vercel.app/api/jobs/{job-id}`

## Exercises

Commit message:

feat: integrate React Router for improved URL handling and state management in filters using the useSearchParams hook

03-router-and-zustand/notes.md, after:

# Module 03 — React Router + Zustand

The fourth module of the bootcamp introduces routing using **React Router**.

Right now, the app has a basic custom router that we made using the React components `Link` and `Route`, as well as a custom hook called `useRouter`.

In this module, our task is to modify the app to use **React Router** instead of our custom router. This brings a lot of benefits we couldn’t easily get before, like:

- 404 pages
- dynamic routes
- protected routes
- code splitting
- and more

## React Router mode used in this module

React Router has different ways to handle routing. For our case, we’ll use the simplest one: **Browser Router (declarative mode)**.

With this mode we can declare routes and navigate between them in a clean, standard way.

## Migration plan (keeping our architecture clean)

We’ll modify our `Link` component to use React Router’s `Link` internally, using an **abstraction pattern**. That way, if later we want to change how navigation works, we can do it in a single place without updating all the `Link` usage across the app.

We’ll also update the `navigateTo` function in our `useRouter` hook, replacing it with React Router’s `useNavigate`.

## Steps to migrate to React Router

- **Step 1:** Install React Router
- **Step 2:** Update `main.jsx` to use React Router
- **Step 3:** In `App.jsx`, use React Router’s `Routes` and `Route` instead of our custom `Route`
- **Step 4:** Integrate React Router native hooks (`useNavigate`, `useLocation`) inside our `Link` component using the abstraction pattern  
  This keeps the same external API we already use in the app, but improves the architecture.
- **Step 5:** Modify the `useRouter` custom hook to use React Router’s `useNavigate` functions

## Implement the job detail page with a dynamic route

Now that we are using React Router, we can easily implement **dynamic routes**.

In our case, the job detail page will use a job id, so we can migrate the previously created job detail page that we built using only HTML.

### Route

- `/jobs/:id`

### API used

The data for each job is located in an external API, fetched with:

- `https://jscamp-api.vercel.app/api/jobs/{job-id}`

After doing all of these changes our app is in a much better state! But there is still one issue, we are building the searchParams manually and using windows.location.path to build the URL. We can do better with React Router. Its now time to use the useSearchParams hook and the useLocation hook.
