00-html-css/notes.md, before:

# Module 00 - HTML + CSS

The first exercise is to create the first two pages of the design for [DevJobs](https://stitch.withgoogle.com/projects/7508115667617706440?pli=1).

## Design

### Home page 
#### 🟢 Completed on November 2nd 2025.
![](/00-html-css/Design/index.png)

First I looked at the design and divided the page in 3 sections, the header, the main part and the footer.

I then added the basic structure of the page in index.html using HTML semantic tags where needed and svg images from [tabler.io](https://tabler.io/icons) following the design.

I finished the styles for the index page, it took a while because I only have images so adjusting the exact sizes was a bit difficult. For the articles, I had to take a peek at the original code from miduDev because it wasn't aligning well for me, but everything else I did myself.

### Jobs search page

![](./Design/job%20search.png)

#### 🟡 In progress - Last update November 2nd 2025.

I started copying the basic structure of the home page, since the header and footer are the same and only the main content is changing.

Commit message:

docs: updated notes.md with completion of styles, and documenting merging and PR notes.

00-html-css/notes.md, after:

# Module 00 - HTML + CSS

The first exercise is to create the first two pages of the design for [DevJobs](https://stitch.withgoogle.com/projects/7508115667617706440?pli=1).

## Design

### Home page 
#### 🟢 Completed on November 2nd 2025.
![](/00-html-css/Design/index.png)

First I looked at the design and divided the page in 3 sections, the header, the main part and the footer.

I then added the basic structure of the page in index.html using HTML semantic tags where needed and svg images from [tabler.io](https://tabler.io/icons) following the design.

I finished the styles for the index page, it took a while because I only have images so adjusting the exact sizes was a bit difficult. For the articles, I had to take a peek at the original code from miduDev because it wasn't aligning well for me, but everything else I did myself.

### Jobs search page

#### 🟢 Completed on November 4th 2025.
![](./Design/job%20search.png)


I started copying the basic structure of the home page, since the header and footer are the same and only the main content is changing. I created a new branch on github to test the workflow of a real development team.

After I finished the style of the page i did a test merging the changes of the feature branch and main, since i only did a small change it autoresolved, it was a little confusing because it was my first time doing it, but i fixed the duplicated lines and merged with main. Lastly to test PRs Im writting these notes, making a commit, and creating a PR.
